[Music]
J'Accuse aqui por una de yamato
resurrected the party so Funes good
meeting Cara no once I know what I see
at ISA talking it misery yet they does
so you won't sign in a jungle not at the
eternal day head lice can only survive
by drinking human blood which they do
several times a day to keep these lice
alive I need to feed them on me these
little pots should keep them safe while
allowing them to bite me thank you very
much for inviting me I've been studying
penguins since I've been studying
penguins for 36 years
what's cool about motor learning things
is actually there fish eating penguins
[Music]
these are healthy birds but not all of
the eggs come out the same size and some
had imperfect shells so before they
reach the supermarket the strength of
every single egg is tested so I'm here
to follow this morning's batch of eggs
all the way to the packing center so you
better go off and start laying lovely
Andrew Jory is technical director at
noble Foods here in Edinburgh they
process 1.2 million eggs a day so he
must have the x-factor as they mature
young males begin to explore the
boundaries of the prides territory red
has ventured out alone and London's
straight into the middle of the hyena
clan
[Music]
what we're going to do is we're going to
have Monte bite down on this and by the
pressure being transmitted along the jaw
it deforms the jaw slightly which
squeezes the venom out they don't have
the compressor muscles like a snake has
and instead the venom does more uses
rather than being put through like a
syringe got just a little bit of his
venom he's got a lot more in there but
we don't want to stress him out he's of
course such a accommodating animal sorry
Monty by removing one cub at Birth and
then switching throughout the day and
night keepers are able to encourage
panda mothers to feed both siblings
while being under the impression that
they have only one
Lele is distracted with a bowl of honey
water but is reluctant to give up her
cabin
[Music]
on his side the Bulls breathing is
labored we have to move fast to remove
the snare poachers have simply used
winch cable from a truck
[Music]
this is now a new discovery that can
give real hope for our coral reefs that
has never been there before so I
postponed my retirement until I see a
million corals replanted back on the
reef
[Music]
this is a stainless steel cylinder the
most remarkable example is black tunnel
web spiders are endemic to New Zealand
Africa is home to the world's tallest
plant animal pollen is stored on
flowering plants in structures called
anthers so much potential in one tiny
water there
[Music]
you